cherrie lamparelli: Hi.
cherrie lamparelli: My computer my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Um, okay. So just, we're good. But I just wanted to note, um, I, I had written down that we would start at 10 minutes after work fine. But I just want you to know I didn't know if you had written it down differently.
cherrie lamparelli: I did know I thought was, was going go in a half an hour early
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so here's. So let's review our appointment was we're fine. You have
cherrie lamparelli: 10
Gwenevere Abriel: To 10. Yeah. So, you did great. I can see you checked in.
cherrie lamparelli: At 240
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's fantastic. You got there even early. So if you want just to make. Just so you know, this is just for your information, if you want to come in here right at 210
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine. You don't have to be early in in my room. You don't have to. You could just roll in right on time. That's fine. Does that make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay because it's that waiting room thing that's kind of weird. It's like that virtual clinic waiting room area. Anyway, I'm glad to see you. How was your day.
cherrie lamparelli: It's good.
cherrie lamparelli: Really, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what's, what is farm life like what does
cherrie lamparelli: Have a thunderstorm just started as I'm calling in. So I
cherrie lamparelli: Should be putting all the animals in or trying to get the goat. The baby goats and but
Gwenevere Abriel: Here. Okay, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you start your day. What's the day look like you get up and you do, what do you do
cherrie lamparelli: Eat all the dogs eat the animals not clean and then go outside and do whatever I gotta do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And is this, is this a life like you grew up with, with this way, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you know what to do if you throw me in there and and and my sister said take care of the farm. I'd be like, I'm say what
cherrie lamparelli: Well, I mean, I grew up, we were horses.
cherrie lamparelli: Okay, so
cherrie lamparelli: She showed you show me something once and then I'll figure it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're quick learner, then
cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, but she has me building stuff out there, fixing stuff so well, like a handyman, and here
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you know about sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: How to pour concrete kind of how to use just the basic hanging up. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That
cherrie lamparelli: Stuff. I just like to do. I don't know. But I did concrete for work to
Gwenevere Abriel: My attention. I like to tell people you know in here. It's kind of like a phone call like even their silence on a phone. You're like, Hello, is anyone there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it'll feel a little awkward, sometimes in here when there's silence.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I think we both kind of will get used to it. I'm my attention right now is trying to open up a note for us so that I can kind of keep track of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: To
cherrie lamparelli: See how bad it was raining out
Gwenevere Abriel: So this last week for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it been like this is new.
cherrie lamparelli: New home busy just
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, real busy and how sleep I sleep on
cherrie lamparelli: The last three days. I haven't for maybe four days. I haven't slept much at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many hours as much at all.
cherrie lamparelli: At three hours last night.
cherrie lamparelli: But yesterday Sunday I slept. I couldn't fall asleep, and then I woke up. But then I slept in. So about 10
cherrie lamparelli: Well, I didn't really sleep and I just laid in bed and watch TV because I was so tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in this in this home that you're in with I think you said it's sister and her her husband. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then dogs and cats, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. Okay. And then there's the farm animals.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it like to be in the house with them. Is there any tension between those two.
cherrie lamparelli: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Delicious. You need a break from that. Right.
cherrie lamparelli: From headedness
Gwenevere Abriel: From. Yeah, I mean, you were saying you were coming from a really kind of abusive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Husband shitty husband. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was he should be all along, or just as as last year or so.
cherrie lamparelli: No, he was we were friends. First, and he you don't know this person until you were married. But even still, it's all the friends and he still looks the same way I thought he was. But once you're with them. Once you're married. It's totally, totally different.
cherrie lamparelli: You know, it's not the same person.
cherrie lamparelli: Where you in Miami. My talk about them because I'm older. I'm
cherrie lamparelli: Past. I'm done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I can tell right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So you stuck with it. You tried it to the very last
cherrie lamparelli: Drop. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there any ongoing harassment from him. Does he get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: They go
cherrie lamparelli: Oh yeah, oh yeah, I moved change my number everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
cherrie lamparelli: I block them from every social meter. I took all all of my old my friends from that city. I took them off my Facebook. I don't even go on a post anything on my Facebook anymore and I
cherrie lamparelli: Watch him, his whole family any of his close friends.
cherrie lamparelli: I have a problem about going home and July.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, is there some required attendance some
cherrie lamparelli: My daughter's graduation from high school.
cherrie lamparelli: I really don't even want to go. That's how bad I just don't want to go back there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think that if it's part of the disrupted. Sleep is that fear around maybe going back
cherrie lamparelli: Some of it. Also I change my medication and it's off.
cherrie lamparelli: So I don't know if that has anything to do with it or
cherrie lamparelli: Do you want to think it's all just being worried about everything just
cherrie lamparelli: Unable to sleep.
cherrie lamparelli: I don't know why I try to sleep.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, do you mind saying a little bit more about the change in medication.
cherrie lamparelli: Well, they went from two strips to one and a half.
cherrie lamparelli: Pills, which she did Dr change to one strip. And last time we had the meeting. You said you'd mention it in a note or something and I haven't heard back from anybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I think I know what you're talking about. So right every time I meet
Gwenevere Abriel: With a client I message, the physician. So let's go see
Gwenevere Abriel: I tend to I say out loud, what I'm writing
cherrie lamparelli: Yeah. Now you said though.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just looks like sherry attended her bio psychosocial for next bright heart health session is Tuesday at 12 I don't see anything about medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that would be odd of me to bring up a medication.
cherrie lamparelli: That thought that's what you said you were going to write it in the notes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like we had a misunderstanding. I don't know where it happened, but I can see
Gwenevere Abriel: It not know I don't actually know what to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: Me, since I'm not a physician, I don't do the prescribing
cherrie lamparelli: I know, I know that you're at this point I just thought you were gonna write it in the notes. And then they see it.
cherrie lamparelli: And so I assume somebody would have called me or said something or whatever. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well let's start from scratch, because I will tell you one thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: If
Gwenevere Abriel: If what's happening right now is you and your doctor have agreed that this is let's say one and a half pills a day is what the prescribed amount is. Yeah. And you're not taking that
cherrie lamparelli: Taking it because it wasn't prescribed to me so
Gwenevere Abriel: Just for this one piece. Let me get this whole thought out, ready. So if my client isn't taking the medication as prescribed. Sometimes it's insurance pharmacy doctor
Gwenevere Abriel: Care navigators, sometimes it's the client didn't go pick it up and their subscription or there's 10 or 20 other reasons, there's a lot of variables that go on into why it's not being taken, but what I'm hearing you say is the prescription itself. When a whole half and
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it a whole, I don't know how many milligrams around half a tablet, but
cherrie lamparelli: I could just tell you, you don't have to go over it. All of it with me.
cherrie lamparelli: So the doctor prescribed me a pill and I have to take with this white, little pill.
cherrie lamparelli: And I said, What the heck is this white, little pill. I've never taken these in my life, but don't watch them either. I tried it. The first day because obviously I didn't have any. So the next day.
cherrie lamparelli: I called and she said, I don't know why I wrote that. But, um, I said, I've always taken the film's so
cherrie lamparelli: She, she made sent a prescription over to my pharmacy for a strip a day. So when from a day before that she sent me a pill and a half, which is the same milligrams is once you know so
cherrie lamparelli: So she went she sent over the prescription for the films. She didn't put a half. She just did one film.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like a prescription error happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like likely. Yeah.
cherrie lamparelli: Nobody happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so the confusion is
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you go into virtual clinic and tell a Karen Albert or my physician.
cherrie lamparelli: Sent I didn't because I thought you were going to put it on the
cherrie lamparelli: Notes and that somebody would have called me back. So I don't want to be calling and bugging anybody thinking that I'm seeking drugs or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so I've got to be able to explain this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just the therapist. I'm the heart. I know, but there's a misunderstanding of God. Let me get this all out. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: This is common for people when they're first starting because they can see me quicker because they have access to me the belief is
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say that a doctor is going to go review my note. For example, it might be in there. We could go look at it together. And I'd probably see a little something that was transcribed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't speak for what a doctor does when they're reading which because she's but she's not going to take action on something, you and I didn't hear it would take me scheduling an appointment with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is information for everyone. This is the advocacy that I do for everyone. And it sounds like this. If something goes sideways, which it did. You can tell something went really wrong here with you with this medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not a complainer, you're not drug seeking the focusing in virtual clinic won't see you that way they know
Gwenevere Abriel: That when something happens with a client. They want you guys to show up so that you can address the issue. So I hope that gives some relief that you're welcome to go there. In fact, yes. Call in fact just log right into virtual clinic.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's kind of a cool thing that there's people there, like all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is pretty neat. You won't be viewed as drug seeking and i and i want to reassure you that that that's not the case.
cherrie lamparelli: Well, I figured I just talked. I just wait to see what you said today. And then so seeing that
cherrie lamparelli: I know that it's not. I understand everything you're saying, so I'll just gonna wait till tomorrow, like soccer. There's no point in bothering her today when I'm just going to be talking tomorrow. She's comes in the clinic to ask her based on right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, oh yeah.
cherrie lamparelli: So I'm just wait till then.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a lot of medication to be short on are you experiencing withdrawal symptoms.
cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, I think that's a hard time sleeping, and I am really, really tired and I have no motivation. I think it's more of my mind to just, you know, knowing that I've gone down a whole strip and that you know in a while because I was on two steps a day.
cherrie lamparelli: And then I have them here for ice saved enough for six weeks when I'm for two when I moved out. And then I was, I couldn't find a doctor. So I was shortening them.
cherrie lamparelli: And so when I finally found you guys, um,
cherrie lamparelli: I told them what I took. I took two a day. And then when I talked to her. She I don't feel like she listened to me. I feel like she just kept trying to correct me.
cherrie lamparelli: Like when I was telling her, I take two a day one in the morning and one in the afternoon. And she's like, Well, you shouldn't be taking them what the doctors that were given them to you are not
cherrie lamparelli: I'm not educated on them because when you take in one, two or three strips at the most of the day, you should be taking them all at the same time. Not all at once, but within the first hour when you wake up.
cherrie lamparelli: So I don't feel like she listened to me. I feel like more she was trying to tell me something. So she I told her today. I don't know gene and heard it, but
cherrie lamparelli: So when she finally sent me the prescription. She sent me pills for so that venues wasn't listening. And then it was one and a half.
cherrie lamparelli: So then when I told her I don't take pills and then she sent me over the next day the subscription. She only 71 so I went down on Vol one, which I'm, I'm not. I'm okay with the half but because of every this whole big change in my big life. I mean,
cherrie lamparelli: I feel I can go through a midlife crisis.
cherrie lamparelli: My I have so much going on. So I just want to make sure that I'm not feeling this anxiety anymore. So I know it's more my mind. So I don't mind going down a half right not to start off, I can do that.
Yeah.
cherrie lamparelli: Sound like somebody just walked in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a look at what you originally identified as schools you wanted to work on and just to since this is
cherrie lamparelli: The to get off of these
cherrie lamparelli: But as I said, though not right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, you said you're taking Adderall. Right.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So with telemedicine. There are a lot of instances where you and I will accidentally speak over each other, but we just kind of gotta go slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me start over. I want to say I want to look at your goals we develop them, we first met, let's refine them if they need kind of tweaking kind of shifting
Gwenevere Abriel: refine them maybe make some something maybe you're like, oh, that I said that. But that isn't really kind of what I want to do. So I'm going to just share with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we first met, what you identified was first one I want to eventually get off of buprenorphine. Okay, so that was still feels spot on for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Beautiful. And then the second one was, I want a healthy relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you eventually
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, eventually. Um, and so, but those are big ones, notice that they're both he eventually. So those are big, broad stroke goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you and I today could find some that are more about the next 30 days for the next week that feel like they are a step in the direction towards these bigger goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about what's difficult for you. I heard about the medication and
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that once that gets resolved, you're going to feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: So aside from the medication which I just don't have that piece, but the behavioral part. What's something you could do, let's say more of or less of, let's say, over this coming week a goal that you want to see.
cherrie lamparelli: No sleep better
cherrie lamparelli: I don't know. I really don't have anything in my life that I need to work on me right now because things are things are good. That's why I made this change to move on here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that was a huge benefit getting away from your X was just that you notice immediately a huge change.
cherrie lamparelli: Oh, gosh. Oh.
Yeah.
cherrie lamparelli: I have no I've done it a few times I've left I've moved. I moved out here. Once a few years back, but I went back after three months because I wasn't ready, but this time I say I know I'm gone. I know I'm done.
cherrie lamparelli: I don't even have a thought to even think of them.
cherrie lamparelli: Is the dog moving around him. Like I feel like somebody gives walking in.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you let's just start kind of right around relationship for just a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you don't, you know, we want to get you stable on the buprenorphine first and that sounds like hasn't quite happened yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think, aside from the, the obvious this abuse that was going on with your husband.
Gwenevere Abriel: Things that came before that some of the things you mentioned in your initial assessment were
Gwenevere Abriel: Around feelings of anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you had identified having symptoms of ADHD. Where does that play in your day to day life, where does anger show up when you don't want it, or where does in attention show up where you don't want it, let's say,
cherrie lamparelli: Not really much and here life's been pretty normal, boring.
cherrie lamparelli: Which is fine, not boring because I'm busy, but I don't talk to anybody except for my sisters or my daughters are my son, but I'm usually busy working and by the time I'm done, I'm so exhausted. I'm two guys even take a shower.
cherrie lamparelli: So I really don't have any anger non like I talked to my sisters two or three times a day, and I've never said I love you more in a day than I hadn't like a whole year, because every time I sisters hang up the phone, they always do.
cherrie lamparelli: Well they she doesn't everybody. Well, all of us sisters and all our kids.
cherrie lamparelli: So not just friends or clients or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Dawn.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, what a change to be around violence and now around this affection and tenderness.
cherrie lamparelli: And I got to see it on my my niece came over yesterday for Mother's Day my system is working that her daughter, my niece, who has cancer came over yesterday to bring the mother figure
cherrie lamparelli: To me, I made my daughter one because my grandkids made my daughter one my sister's my I made all my family who are mothers.
cherrie lamparelli: Gifts and made them yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you make
cherrie lamparelli: Me shirts and totes with iron on pictures.
cherrie lamparelli: Like all of us, and I made my oldest assertion and I said the matriarch
cherrie lamparelli: Of all of us.
cherrie lamparelli: And that was my first time doing it you know the words all came out backwards.
cherrie lamparelli: So,
cherrie lamparelli: My for my sister and my niece, who have the babies web kids like small ones. I mean little capes I put pictures of the mother mom my niece and the baby.
cherrie lamparelli: And my sister and her son, and then I put
cherrie lamparelli: My mommy is my superhero
cherrie lamparelli: He loves it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's
cherrie lamparelli: That's really sweet. So it's been really, it's been rewarding living up moving out here. It definitely was for the positive
cherrie lamparelli: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Is part of the disrupted sleep, you said you were worrying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Is there a frequent thought that comes through over and over and over.
cherrie lamparelli: I don't want to go home in July and hopper. How would I tell my daughter. I'm not going to go to a graduation.
cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, so I can't
cherrie lamparelli: That's my daughter, my mother never came to mind. So I don't want to be like my mother. So I put my my feelings aside to be my daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is, is your safety or your daughter safety. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's really an artist that the yuck, of being
Gwenevere Abriel: All yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you, I got you. Okay. Alright, so we've got we've got until July, which gives me some a little bit of time, actually, if it turns out. So a couple of things. This is not your normal moment of graduation like people's graduations have been canceled because of what's going on so
cherrie lamparelli: I so I read
cherrie lamparelli: Her her graduation was sooner but they've made it for like her problem was cancelled. I spent over $1,000 on this prom dress and the shoes that jewelry.
cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, they were making the mom and the graduation from high school on the same weekend in
cherrie lamparelli: July. By July 17 18th and 19th at night 1920 I forget, but
cherrie lamparelli: That's it. You know that if obviously if Nothing's gotten worse. Hopefully, it hasn't been Massachusetts is pretty bad.
cherrie lamparelli: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So that, yeah, there's a lot of pieces to this because it has historical meaning for you and sentimentality like your mom wasn't there for years. You are positive, you're going to be there for your daughter not not repeat that pattern.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. It means a lot to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you'd be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. Yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: You're thinking, it'll actually happen. You're pretty confident, since it was already rescheduled
Yeah.
cherrie lamparelli: There was a letter with it. That said, for any rain days it will be held the weekend after
cherrie lamparelli: But nobody even knows that, you know, it probably a guarantee that after this covert right now as there's going to be a second a second spread of it.
cherrie lamparelli: My sister, the one who's a nurse practitioner thinks that it's going to be around October know September, October when it hits again.
Gwenevere Abriel: This idea of going because your. Would you drive. Would you fly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just curious why you would fly. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you already have tickets. No. Okay. Is that part of the thinking like, that's also part of the worry is when you were not know. Okay, I cannot about. Okay.
cherrie lamparelli: No more about where am I going to stay in and who's going to pick me up and nobody is going to know
cherrie lamparelli: That
cherrie lamparelli: But I think my biggest worry is is my x will know that she's going to be grad, you know, at some point, I'm going to go there to see a graduation, so
cherrie lamparelli: It'd be finds out when for high school because it's not like he's going around asking, but I'm sure you know his friends have kids or whatever. And then they hear, Oh yeah, my kids graduation. This day he's going to know he he will know that I'm not
cherrie lamparelli: So that's what I'm scared of, I think, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your fear is that he might unexpectedly show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's the big one. That's the big fear.
cherrie lamparelli: Well, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was he ever abusive in public. Was he just had no problems doing it in public as well.
cherrie lamparelli: No, no problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: No problem.
cherrie lamparelli: In front of his friends or people who knew him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Yeah, right, because he wants to preserve the image that He's the hero and
Gwenevere Abriel: He's a narcissist. Yeah.
cherrie lamparelli: And I'm not joking. I believe people just you know say their, you know, their exes are nurses, but
cherrie lamparelli: He, he is
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe you. I believe you. So probably was this sort of predictable pattern of he was fantastic. And he was so romantic. And he was just this perfect like man, and then once married
Was
Gwenevere Abriel: Once that changed.
It.
cherrie lamparelli: Changed exactly seven days after we got married. He didn't come home for a week.
cherrie lamparelli: And then accuse me of being with somebody, while he was gone. I was like, thrown back about it because I've never experienced anything in my life like that.
cherrie lamparelli: Why I stayed. I don't know if somebody even called me a bad name. I'd rather I'd say, See ya.
cherrie lamparelli: I think was because I married them.
cherrie lamparelli: So,
cherrie lamparelli: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And marriage in your family is does that, how does like a powerful meaning.
cherrie lamparelli: Well, no, that's the problem. It has no meaning. So that's why I was trying to make it something
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. So, much like the graduation, like you want
Gwenevere Abriel: You want these seminal events to mean something. These traditions, these, these Mark points in our lives and
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, and here you are faced with
Gwenevere Abriel: Immediately having to consider that this isn't, this isn't what you thought it was no
cherrie lamparelli: My mother was married three times. So I was thought she's pretty shitty for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did your ex ever get taken into custody for his, his abusive behavior was he pulled into jail.
cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, few times, not for me. But with his other X axis.
cherrie lamparelli: Yeah.
cherrie lamparelli: I never would call the cops on him as much as he's gotten in my face. And, you know, done some pretty horrible things and broken everything in the house. I just walked. I learned to walk away so de escalate it
cherrie lamparelli: That's where, that's where I started going down hill is when I just stopped fighting back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Part of your past and yet the fear is still there and it's in your way of doing the thing that means so much to you, which is going to this graduation.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you open to I'm kind of exploring some different techniques that might help with that.
cherrie lamparelli: Oh no. Well, a lot of it is my daughter's lies me. So that's the big thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what that means.
cherrie lamparelli: Because I she lies to me about talking to him and talking to my mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that part of what's keeping you awake is also wondering, what can I rely on as fact. I don't know what the truth is like part of it.
cherrie lamparelli: As the biggest part I think
cherrie lamparelli: I had found out that she had called him. And so I called her out on it. And she's like, How did you know
cherrie lamparelli: DOESN'T MATTER HOW I KNOW WHY ARE YOU CALLING THEM. She goes, Well, I didn't have a problem with them.
cherrie lamparelli: Wow. So, okay.
cherrie lamparelli: So I tended to step back and kept myself busy. When I go out when I get up in the morning I leave my phone in my room. I know I don't tend to use it anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your daughter gets it lying also about her relationship with your mother to
cherrie lamparelli: Get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Set. Okay.
cherrie lamparelli: Well, last time I was here visiting my sister and she wanted to go to sell them for Halloween. And I said, as Chad, which is a
cherrie lamparelli: Is my one of my best friends, and he's known her since she was in my belly, I guess. And, um,
cherrie lamparelli: So she said, I did. And then I haven't. I did. I was with my sister here. I was here for a week and then I was telling my sister that you know so we kept pestering me she kept calling me was here just for a week.
cherrie lamparelli: But want to sound and I finally said, What do you want me to do. I'm out here in Albuquerque, you know, figure it out. If not, don't go stop stop doing that. I was so mad at her. So, um, and the intention, the whole thing with my mother was she went to court with my daughter's father
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
cherrie lamparelli: So what mother does that I've never even done anything to her and so
cherrie lamparelli: My mother has no morals, whatever. So anyway, so I took a picture of it and I showed Zoe.
cherrie lamparelli: And Zoe's like I can't believe she would do that even know mothers should do that even if she didn't like it wouldn't go, you know, whatever, blah, blah, blah. But I've never even done anything to her.
cherrie lamparelli: I didn't even swear on them in my whole life. I've never done of course I've done teenage things where I live with her.
cherrie lamparelli: Then, you know, yeah, we have some disagreements. I haven't always made the best choice was obviously talking to. So it's
cherrie lamparelli: So she chose to turn against me rather than be a mother. So it doesn't matter. None of us only one of my sisters talks to her and if she takes pity on. I think that's why she talks to her and so
cherrie lamparelli: So, Zoe when. So anyway, back to sorry my sister. I was telling her that she's like what he's talking about. So we posted pictures of her and we call my mother, Pam. We don't call her mom. Okay.
cherrie lamparelli: So she's like, so we went with Pam to sell them. I said what I said I why happened. I'm sorry my computer just popped up with some pop up thing. Sorry.
cherrie lamparelli: And so on.
cherrie lamparelli: She goes, she posted on Facebook, Pam did some really so when I called my daughter, she's like I said, you go to sound. She's like, Yeah, so, but she wasn't a couple friends. So really, uh huh.
cherrie lamparelli: So she likes me about it.
cherrie lamparelli: I said,
cherrie lamparelli: She got it. She said, I don't want to yell at me as if you don't want me to do. You don't do things behind my back. Don't. Don't lie to me, but just don't do the things that I asked you not to do. And one of them was not talking. She's like, well, I need rides.
cherrie lamparelli: So as you're going to use her or you just gonna lie to me which one. Which way do you want to go up, you know, so
cherrie lamparelli: I chose not to fight that battle said find you want to talk to me. Talk to her, but when she heard you do not come crying to me.
cherrie lamparelli: Well, of course you can come to Christ.
cherrie lamparelli: Is
cherrie lamparelli: This you know
Gwenevere Abriel: I get your
cherrie lamparelli: Way I told you the shoes like this, but you want to learn on your own. Fine. I was just trying to protect you.
cherrie lamparelli: And I've told you that 100 times
Yeah.
cherrie lamparelli: But anyway. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, these are, these are the stories. I want to hear. I didn't. I couldn't do that before I couldn't write a time to hear them. So I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: What it was like being you growing up what it was like to be with a mom. The way you're describing a mom.
cherrie lamparelli: She's very cool. How did she is very much on my parents president is she is all about. If you don't make enough money, then she wants nothing to do with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's stick
cherrie lamparelli: Yes, my daughter's father we bought a house.
cherrie lamparelli: But a mile from my mother's house and
cherrie lamparelli: He makes at least six figures in here. So she's all lovey W with them. But my mother, like I gave her mother's day ever. And for Christmas one year not most daring, but a mother's ringing or with other zones.
cherrie lamparelli: Yes, like
cherrie lamparelli: Oh, thank you. And then put it aside, you know,
cherrie lamparelli: Oh yeah. Then try it on. Did he take it out of the box that. Thank you. I spent a good 400 something dollars on it and I had two kids, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That hurts.
cherrie lamparelli: And to get that that time I mean I had three now but um yeah she's just she's very materialistic and very snotty. The problem is, is, you know, that's her. She's a hypochondriac. So like when my niece was diagnosed with cancer. My, my sister decided to call her to tell her, and my mother says
cherrie lamparelli: No, it's
cherrie lamparelli: WHEN JOHN WHEN JOHN calls my lesson I suppose you're calling to tell me diamond has cancer. And my sense is like, yeah, why would you say like that. She goes, well, you don't even call it asked me about how I'm feeling. I have some problems going on right now.
cherrie lamparelli: Whoa, that's how my mother is when I was in high school, she put me in a foster home while she signs a chin report.
cherrie lamparelli: And then the chins put me in a foster a group like a foster home with that. Just a couple and I lived there and then during poet to go to the court with
cherrie lamparelli: The foster mother to the courthouse whatever my mother showed up and was talking to the fast lane name is Pat
cherrie lamparelli: And Pat and I guess, Pam told path that she's like, I gotta some lumps on my breast. They might be breast cancer. So I just don't want to tell sherry before, so we don't make her upset.
cherrie lamparelli: And so this is what she had told Pat. So I was going to the bathroom and Pam gone down the stairs and goes, Can you just start to behave now because I might have breast cancer. Pat virtus she has two seconds ago. You just pulled me aside and said, let's not tell her.
cherrie lamparelli: She goes, What kind of, what are you, what are you doing to your child who washes off.
cherrie lamparelli: So I never forget that. But, um, so I was emancipated
Gwenevere Abriel: At 16
Yep.
cherrie lamparelli: I'll be real. This isn't, then I got pregnant. So I'm a bad mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh geez.
Gwenevere Abriel: This
Gwenevere Abriel: Is hard. That's a lot. I mean, even as a little girl was there ever a time when your mom really saw you.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
cherrie lamparelli: Never
cherrie lamparelli: Even you know she's never even met my grandchildren.
cherrie lamparelli: She's never met my sister. Brandi son, which is her grandchild to buy her. I mean, her, her grandchild. So she's
cherrie lamparelli: Got she's never met my sister brandies four year old.
cherrie lamparelli: And my my niece.
cherrie lamparelli: She has 14 and married bought a house on here so we're all here. My other sister who was in the Navy, she she read she retired here too.
cherrie lamparelli: And she bought a house with a boyfriend. And my mother goes on vacation at least twice a year, and never once. Has she been all to Albuquerque. So what somebody started a GoFundMe page for my niece diamond and
cherrie lamparelli: And they wrote, you know, there's no family no history of family cancel my mother wrote on nice it and said,
cherrie lamparelli: Next time you want to write about my beautiful meet my beautiful granddaughter, you need to get the facts day because there are a few people in my family who has it.
cherrie lamparelli: So my mother wrote this on the GoFundMe page never wants to she didn't put any money in there, but she had wrote that. So my sister Dawn's that I'm done.
cherrie lamparelli: Blocker and my mother had told my sister, the illnesses that talks to her that she was going to come out here and she asked my daughter to come out here with it because that was the one excuse that
cherrie lamparelli: Everybody loves my daughter and they my mother was going to kind of use my daughter out here so that nobody would be mean to her because my daughter would be other
cherrie lamparelli: And so my daughter heard from diamond and my sister, saying, you know, nobody wants to hear and because of everything from my whole life, but certainly that whole thing she turned it about her and
cherrie lamparelli: And and so so it's like, no, I don't want to go with you. And she's like, What, so nobody wants me out there, fine. Well, listen, why are you going to come out. Now, when
cherrie lamparelli: You know she has cancer and all of us have been here all all along. Anyways, because I've always wanted back and forth on here.
cherrie lamparelli: So why are you going to come out here. Now you have needed never met your grandson, you weren't there when she had the miscarriages with the prince and then
cherrie lamparelli: Everybody else you know all that you've never been on here. Why are you going to come out here now. So I guess I'm Mother's Day. She was crying to my little sisters and I don't understand why nobody taught me.
cherrie lamparelli: She
cherrie lamparelli: She doesn't even acknowledge me
cherrie lamparelli: She put on Facebook.
cherrie lamparelli: I just, you know, I love my my three girls and they're working really hard out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow.
cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, but it used to be used to bother me doesn't bother me anymore.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that that wounding that happens when you're little like that. Just over and over what we would call sort of developmental trauma when
Gwenevere Abriel: She is truly narcissistic now I
cherrie lamparelli: Sort my house was in the hospital dying.
cherrie lamparelli: My first house. Yeah. After my best friend just passed away.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's, she's a special one and change.
cherrie lamparelli: Some of you have no idea.
cherrie lamparelli: I ran away when I was little, because she beat me with the belt with the leather belt and I had like 12 bruises on me and they were up and down my arm from blogging. So I like to the police station.
cherrie lamparelli: Go tell to go tell them. And so my mother goes into the police station, saying, I'm just worried about her because she doesn't come home at night, I was raped at that age, and I may have cancer. So I'm just looking out for her. So was it to be on the show is bullshit. She was good.
Wow.
cherrie lamparelli: None of us want to turn out like her. So if, if any one of us want to make a joke will say, Hey, you look like him.
cherrie lamparelli: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the ultimate insult.
cherrie lamparelli: Yep. Yes.
cherrie lamparelli: It is thank you that I didn't know how to say that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
cherrie lamparelli: I'm the only one. It doesn't look like
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you know, seeing, seeing your daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: stay in contact with your mom staying in contact with her father.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you want to protect your daughter from pain and suffering.
Mm hmm.
cherrie lamparelli: I have been from her father because of fathers and hassle. He's just like my mother.
cherrie lamparelli: Oh yeah, he is just like he kicked her out. So now mind you, I'm leaving out here and my god is living with him. He can she calls me at
cherrie lamparelli: One o'clock, my time. So it's three o'clock hearse. I'm saying a father kicked her out. She had never been walking outside the streets by herself. Because your night kicks around three o'clock in the morning. She's walking down the streets to her boyfriend's house.
cherrie lamparelli: And I, if I was there, but I would have picked her up, obviously. So I felt a little guilt on that part because call me crime but you know
cherrie lamparelli: She's got to learn to to be she's got a little less mature than I'd like her to be so you know if she's learning something, but I'm here for her. She called me 24 seven
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
cherrie lamparelli: We video chat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you guys use zoom to
cherrie lamparelli: Know we just use
cherrie lamparelli: Facebook Messenger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, that's another really common one.
cherrie lamparelli: We do group messages to we all have a Facebook portal.
cherrie lamparelli: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody gets together.
cherrie lamparelli: Yeah yeah
cherrie lamparelli: So my son's out there. So if anything were to happen, my son's out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me how old your son is
cherrie lamparelli: He just, I just talked to him this morning.
cherrie lamparelli: So,
cherrie lamparelli: He lives three hours from he was two hours for her three hours from the airport. So, I mean, I don't really want to ask them to come pick me up six hour round trip.
cherrie lamparelli: But I miss my granddaughter to I want to see her.
Yeah.
cherrie lamparelli: So, I mean, that's the benefit about God's I'm trying to find some positive about God.
cherrie lamparelli: So what have you can't pick me up.
cherrie lamparelli: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's a little bit of option. Maybe then there might be some safety protocol that you could use. Would you ever use something like Lyft to get you from one, would you ever pay pay for something like that.
cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, but it's a three hour ride.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoo. That's pricey.
cherrie lamparelli: Yeah, that would be that would be quite the price.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what I'm thinking about a bus with that work.
cherrie lamparelli: From Logan, logan doesn't have any buses that goes, I do, is it doesn't. And my at the parking lots, but
cherrie lamparelli: Try to figure out where to go I don't think any buses go where my son lives. My son was up mean we I mean
cherrie lamparelli: It was in Sweden mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe a combination of public transportation and he makes this last half hour trip to get you
cherrie lamparelli: You, you would definitely pick me up. I could also take a train. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I think the biggest piece is this fear.
cherrie lamparelli: Of your ex is a high school and seeing my husband.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, if you're open to it right now where you know you're starting to get to know me and kind of work on on kind of working on that rapport and trust thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But most people they they start to feel good in here and comfortable and realize they can say whatever. And I'm not going to judge
Gwenevere Abriel: If you start to feel safe enough in here. I, I could work with you around maybe doing some em Dr or round could be is the high school could be around a memory with ex husband as little or as much as you want. Do you know anything about em, Dr.
cherrie lamparelli: No. No idea means
Gwenevere Abriel: Already talked to you about a little bit. Okay, so I am Dr. Is the Go To sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Evidence based treatment for
Gwenevere Abriel: PTSD. So Vietnam vets, let's say, or vets have really any war when they come back, and they're they're having post traumatic stress symptoms. This is one of the go to treatments for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: And and if you've never heard anything about it. It can seem kind of kooky I'm
Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: And years ago. And people still do it. There's an exposure therapy where you can picture that let's say you were afraid of spiders.
cherrie lamparelli: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so exposure therapy, the philosophy between for exposure therapy is, you would say, all right, let's imagine that this spider is across the room or down the street and we would start there and you we would work on you getting more and more
Gwenevere Abriel: desensitized. That would be the way we used to do PTSD treatment is exposure therapy, you would sit with it for hours. I don't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I do, because it really traumatizes I think when we are around the trauma, again, to me it doesn't desensitize it, it ends up very traumatizing individual. So what I've come to learn is using
Gwenevere Abriel: A bilateral stimulation and I can get into the philosophy behind it another day. But just to introduce you to it. If you want to do a little investigation on your own, is I movement reprocessing and desensitization.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, em, Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can go look it up and kind of check it out and then maybe when we come back I can kind of go over a little bit more about it. It's eight there's eight phases to it. So it's not like one day, all of a sudden, we're going to be doing bilateral stimulation
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't get too caught up when you read about it that it has to be a movement. It does not have to be a movement. For example, if you were here in my office, you would have to buzzers in your hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd have one in your left and your right. You might also have headphones that we're making a sound and the left and the right ear. So don't get too caught up, they should eventually change the name from my movement because it isn't. It's bilateral stimulation
Gwenevere Abriel: But it has a great outcome which means we're normally the relationship with even like seeing the high school, for example, might bring up a rapid heart rate short breathing, maybe even nasza
Gwenevere Abriel: Like sweating like like I don't even want to think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over time this desensitisation can have the effect of oh where, maybe I was feeling like 100 in distress or an 80 or 90 now I'm like at 30 and now at 10
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know what, I think I could do this. I could handle a 10 of distress. That's like sitting for a test or something I could do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so it does have a really positive impact is actually exposure therapy which are not actually telling me the story. You could go this whole time if you wanted to, and not tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: It's an interesting thing. You just have to think about it. That's enough exposure therapy to have a positive impact, which is pretty cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because for some people, right, telling the whole story over and over and over is is just, it's too much for a lot of people
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, other people. It feels so good to finally have a witness to have someone sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: compassionately hold their truth. And so for them the storytelling is an important piece. And that's fine with me. This is about really whether you want to tell the story or not, but you don't have to, for this work, which is pretty exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just kind of hold that in the back of your mind, and we can pick it up again next time I can bring it up and we can kind of
cherrie lamparelli: Read the signs are setting.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's schedule another appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So today's 11th through the 15th and then see
Gwenevere Abriel: What are we at right now.
cherrie lamparelli: I have a calendar right behind me.
cherrie lamparelli: I mean, I have my phone. That's why I put it in. That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: you're attending remind me which group is that Tuesday's
cherrie lamparelli: Yes, I will you give me a number, you gave me a whole bunch to pick from.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you wanted to make change.
cherrie lamparelli: No, you know, for right now that's gonna have to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, that's fine. That's fine. Um, what about
Gwenevere Abriel: You make we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to make work 10am on May 15
cherrie lamparelli: Twice in one week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, what am I missing. I'm confused me. I'm sorry, mate. Do I, what did I just say, did I say maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm literally looking at may 22 and saying that that's funny. No may 22 Friday, May 22 at 10am I'm aware. I said that
cherrie lamparelli: The 22nd.
Gwenevere Abriel: at 10am
cherrie lamparelli: We have to do this weekly
Gwenevere Abriel: For a month. Yeah. And for now. Well, this is yes just
Gwenevere Abriel: Time 10am
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is these are next services, you have your group tomorrow and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you have your two services done for this week. And then the next week will be group may 19 and then may 22 at 10am okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And at that point I can talk to you a little bit more. If you have questions about why the MTR is or
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just kind of go over some things with you. Okay. All right. Well, it was good to talk with you feels a lot better to not have the pressure of that that assessment here and I got to hear a few stories.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will invite though, because remember, I know you want to wait for the doctor but please feel encouraged to go if you want right into virtual clinic and let them know something went wrong with your prescription
cherrie lamparelli: I guess so much to do right now.
cherrie lamparelli: Wind blows around here like
cherrie lamparelli: Crazy. I've never seen one like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Well, it was good to see you. And I'll see you in group.
cherrie lamparelli: tomorrow, what time is it, isn't it 12 or 1230
cherrie lamparelli: At 1212 okay I'll go in at 1130 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you then.
cherrie lamparelli: All right. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye.
Bye bye.